Release 5.1.0 (#169)
Automattic/bash-cache-buildkite-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

_None._

## 5.1.0

### New Features

> - `AndroidManifest`: Merged Manifest Diff [#164]

Reviewer: Can we maybe provide a more explicit entry for this CHANGELOG after all? Doesn't feel super descriptive and kinda abstract to me

Reviewer: Like maybe at least mention the _name_ of the new command this it introduced (namely `comment_with_manifest_diff`) as part of this entry

Author: 👍 and how about this (9646fa989b0e59320f39bdd860ab3e996e0b93bc) @AliSoftware ? 🙏

> - Add a script for commenting manifest diff on PRs in Android projects [#164]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new `comment_with_manifest_diff` command for commenting manifest diff on PRs in Android projects [#164]
```
